there's another place that God appears
to have laid out his plan in advance and
that's in some subtleties in one of
which I'd like to share with you in
Genesis chapter 5 a genealogy the
genealogy in Genesis chapter 5 goes from
Adam the first man down through Noah and
in Genesis chapter 5 if you wade through
that I encourage you to make a list of
the names Adam gives who gave birth to
Seth Seth Enosh Enosh Kenan Kenan
Mahalalel Mahalalel Jared Jared Enoch
Enoch Methuselah Methuselah Lamech and
Lamech was a father of Noah let's take
these names 10 names but see the problem
is we need to know what the names mean
and if you have a Study Bible or a
source a lexicon what have you you know
that the name Adam means man as you go
through your Bible when these names are
typically first introduced most of your
marginal footnotes will tell you what
the name means Adam means man Seth means
appointed Enoch means mortal kenan means
sorrow Mahalo means the blessed God
Jared means shall come down Enoch means
teaching Methuselah means his death
shall bring Lamech means the despairing
and the word Noah means rest or comfort
now let's read that genealogy as a
sentence man is appointed mortal sorrow
the blessed God shall come down teaching
that his death shall bring the
despairing comfort that while